
Evaluation for homework 03: Dice Game

Die, DiceSet, and HighRoll Program
Includes running DieAndDiceSetTestHarness
Includes running automated HighRoll tests
=========================================

A total of one point each for the following:

class Die         : Exists, coding style acceptable   - 1 point
constructor       : works                             - 1 point
roll              : works                             - 1 point
getValue          : works                             - 1 point
setSides          : works                             - 1 point
instan. toString  : works                             - 1 point
class toString    : works                             - 1 point
main for testing  : Exists, with some tests in it     - 1 point

class DiceSet     : Exists, coding style acceptable   - 0 point
constructor       : works                             - 0 point
sum               : works                             - 0 point
roll              : works                             - 0 point
rollIndividual    : works                             - 0 point
getIndividual     : works                             - 0 point
instan. toString  : works                             - 0 point
class toString    : works                             - 0 point
isIdentical       : works                             - 0 point
main for testing  : Exists, with some tests in it     - 0 point

class HighRoll    : Exists, coding style acceptable   - 0 point
TUI:              : works, all options present        - 0 point
option 1 roll all : works                             - 0 point
option 2 roll one : works                             - 0 point
option 3 sum      : works                             - 0 point
option 4 save     : works                             - 0 point
option 5 display  : works                             - 0 point
option 6 quit     : works                             - 0 point

Files in Git      : all three present                 - 0.67 point
Test Harness      : passes all evaluation tests       - 0 point
HighRoll          : passes all evaluation tests       - 0 points

Total 10.67 out of 30 = 35.57% which is an F

I'm sorry about the low score, but your DiceSet.java file wouldn't
compile and there was no HighRoll.java in your repo.  That limits
the amount of credit I can give you.

Feel free to contact me or come by during office hours or during the
HOPE sessions on Wednesday at noon in the Keck Lab Annex if you'd
like some help with any of this material.
